PEM 8.4 release branch (#2466)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/8/pem_online_help/06a_toc_pem_barman/01_managing_barman_prerequisites.mdx

---
title: "Prerequisites for managing Barman"
---

Before adding a Barman server to the PEM console,

> - You must manually install and configure Barman on the Barman host. For more information about installing and configuring Barman, please see the ``Barman docs`` available at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must manually install and configure Barman on the Barman host. For more information about installing and configuring Barman, please see the [Barman documentation](https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/supported-open-source/barman/).
```

>     https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/supported-open-source/barman/

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - Install ``pg-backup-api`` tool on Barman host.

Reviewer: either add "the" or delete "tool"

Author: done in a separate commit
